Broken Link Updated. (#34019)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node.md

`topology.kubernetes.io/zone=R` label if there are other nodes in the
same zone currently running Pods with the `Security=S2` Pod label.

> To get yourself more familiar with the examples of Pod affinity and anti-affinity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get yourself more familiar with the examples of Pod affinity and anti-affinity,
```

> Refer to this [link](https://github.com/kubernetes/design-proposals-archive/blob/main/scheduling/podaffinity.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
refer to the [design proposal](https://github.com/kubernetes/design-proposals-archive/blob/main/scheduling/podaffinity.md).
```
